{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/Doxyfile; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/Doxyfile\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/Makefile; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/Makefile\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/apps.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/apps.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/build-system.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/build-system.txt\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:41:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:79:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:84:  Complex multi-line /*...*/-style comment found. Lint may give bogus warnings.  Consider replacing these with //-style comments, with #if 0...#endif, or with more clearly structured multi-line comments.  [readability/multiline_comment] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:84:  Use int16/int64/etc, rather than the C type short  [runtime/int] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:85:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:95:  Missing space before ( in for(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:102:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:104:  Complex multi-line /*...*/-style comment found. Lint may give bogus warnings.  Consider replacing these with //-style comments, with #if 0...#endif, or with more clearly structured multi-line comments.  [readability/multiline_comment] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:104:  Else clause should never be on same line as else (use 2 lines)  [whitespace/newline] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:105:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:118:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:119:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c:119:  Redundant blank line at the end of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [3]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.c\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/code-style.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/contiki-mainpage.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/contiki-mainpage.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/cpu.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/cpu.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/dev.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/dev.txt\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-list.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-list.c:14:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-list.c:25:  Missing space before ( in for(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/example-list.c\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:1:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:7:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:13:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:18:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:19:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:19:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:25:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c:28:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/example-pollhandler.c\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:8:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:9:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:29:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:37:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:50:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:54:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c:55:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/example-program.c\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:2:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:13:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:20:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:24:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:29:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:34:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:40:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:42:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:44:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c:50:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-client.c\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:17:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:41:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:59:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:70:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:102:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:118:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:119:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:130:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:131:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:131:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:141:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:142:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:148:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:156:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c:160:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/example-psock-server.c\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/examples.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/examples.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/lib.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/lib.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/mem.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/mem.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/net.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/net.txt\
Skipping input 'contiki-3.0/doc/pics': Can't open for reading\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/platform.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/platform.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/pt-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/pt-doc.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/ravenusbstick-docs.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/ravenusbstick-docs.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/rime-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/rime-doc.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/sicslowmac-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/sicslowmac-doc.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/sicslowpan-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/sicslowpan-doc.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/sys.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/sys.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/tutorial-raven.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/tutorial-raven.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/tutorials.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/tutorials.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/uip-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/uip-doc.txt\
Ignoring contiki-3.0/doc/uip6-doc.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing contiki-3.0/doc/uip6-doc.txt\
Total errors found: 61}