{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 5.1. Travel and Collaboration Meetings \
Four face-to-face meetings were carried out as planned: two in Canterbury and two in Bristol: \
\'95 Meeting 1: Monday-Tuesday 13-14 February 2017 in Canterbury, involving George Oikonomou, Jack McBride, Arthur Taggart, Julio Hernandez-Castro and Budi Arief. During this first meeting, most of the focus was on planning the work and getting to know the team better. The meeting also discussed the necessary kits to order for the experimentation platforms for Contiki, along with a tutorial by George on the Contiki architecture and the Bitbucket system in place for reporting issues and collaborative working on Contiki.\
\'95 Meeting 2: Wednesday-Thursday 1-2 March 2017 in Bristol, involving Jack McBride, Arthur Taggart, Julio Hernandez-Castro, Budi Arief, Alex Pop, Alex Stanoev, George Oikonomou. This meeting allowed most of the team members to meet for the first time, with hands-on activities for setting up of the Contiki environment (in particular, for the Texas Instrument LaunchPad CC2650 platform) and reporting the initial analyses of the software tools (especially from the CodeSonar and Understand tools).\
\'95 Meeting 3: Tuesday-Wednesday 7-8 March 2017 in Canterbury, involving Alex Pop, Alex Stanoev, George Oikonomou, Jack McBride, Arthur Taggart and Julio Hernandez-Castro. Meeting 3 consisted of setting up a small test bed environment with two Texas Instrument LaunchPad CC2650 devices running Contiki. This test bed led to the discovery of one of the vulnerabilities (the one on Firefox vulnerability \'96 see Section 6 for details). Furthermore, the meeting identified some key areas to target for using the static analysis tools (such as the Zolertia platform), analysed some more CodeSonar vulnerabilities, and distributed kits such as the Dell Laptops and Texas Instrument LaunchPad CC2650 for use by the researchers.\
\'95 Meeting 4: Monday-Tuesday 27-28 March 2017 in Bristol, involving Jack McBride, Julio Hernandez-Castro, Budi Arief, Alex Pop, Alex Stanoev, George Oikonomou and Theo Tryfonas. This meeting continued the discussion on the issues found so far, some of which have been agreed to be real vulnerabilities that have since been fixed. The team also started reporting some of these issues as CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) items. Ideas for future collaboration were also discussed in this final face-to-face meeting under the small grant funding.\
\
}