{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 cc26xx-web-demo XSS bug - A persistent XSS vulnerability present in the MQTT/IBM Cloud Config page featured as part of the cc26xx-web-demo. The web demo contains much of Contiki\'92s core functionality, and the counterpart MQTT configuration page allows the user to remotely configure a device\'92s settings by sending HTTP POST requests. This vulnerability consists of inadequate input sanitisation of text fields on the MQTT/IBM Cloud config page. As a result, this allows for Javascript injection. \
\
cc26xx-web-demo (httpd-simple.c) - There is a use-after-free vulnerability in httpd-simple.c, which occurs during a connection close event, in which the httpd_state structure was not deallocated properly. This results in a null pointer dereference in the output processing function, causing a board crash of the web demo. This can be used to perform denial of service attacks. \
\
mqtt (mqtt.c) - uninitialised variable during IP address conversion - The result of converting the IP address of the broker wasn't checked. As a result, the pointer was left uninitialised and the IPv6 address used for connecting was some random data. Additional checks to mqtt.c and mqtt-client.c have been implemented, and the patched function now returns an error. An extra check was then added to assist in error recovery. This error was flagged as a result of CodeSonar analysis.\
\
ip64 (ipv64-router.c) - null pointer dereference - in Zolertia's Orion Ethernet router platform. If the uip_ds6_nbr_ipaddr_from_lladdr() procedure returns NULL, then this  can propagate to uip_ds6_route_nexthop() and as a result there is a NULL pointer dereference in ipaddr_add() near line 110 of /examples/zolertia/zoul/orion/ip64-router/ip64-router.c. Although this has not been tested explicitly on the Zolertia hardware, it is possible that functionality issues will arise because of this bug. \
\
}