{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 eduEEC8:http-post-auth Jack$ cpplint *\
Ignoring Makefile.http-post-auth; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing Makefile.http-post-auth\
http-post-auth.c:40:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:41:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:43:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:45:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: http-post-auth.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:46:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: http-post-auth.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:52:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:70:  "stdio.h" already included at http-post-auth.c:45  [build/include] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:71:  Potential format string bug. Do PRINTF("%s", ...) instead.  [runtime/printf] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:73:  Potential format string bug. Do PRINTF("%s", ...) instead.  [runtime/printf] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:80:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:81:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:83:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:85:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:87:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:89:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:99:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:100:  Missing space before ( in switch(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:112:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:120:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:122:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:130:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:136:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:139:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:146:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:148:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<char *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:150:  Missing space before ( in for(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:152:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:158:  Almost always, snprintf is better than strcpy  [runtime/printf] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:159:  Almost always, snprintf is better than strcpy  [runtime/printf] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:165:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<void *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:171:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:174:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:176:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:181:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:186:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:195:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:209:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:213:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:219:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:225:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:228:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:232:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:234:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
http-post-auth.c:236:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:239:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:245:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:248:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:250:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
http-post-auth.c:251:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:252:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:253:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:254:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:255:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:256:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:260:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:261:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:262:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:263:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:264:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:265:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:266:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:267:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:267:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
http-post-auth.c:268:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:269:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:270:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:271:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:272:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:273:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:274:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:275:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:276:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:278:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:279:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
http-post-auth.c:280:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
Done processing http-post-auth.c\
http-post-auth.h:33:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_HTTP_POST_AUTH_HTTP_POST_AUTH_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
http-post-auth.h:42:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_HTTP_POST_AUTH_HTTP_POST_AUTH_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
http-post-auth.h:36:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
Done processing http-post-auth.h\
Total errors found: 78}