{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 eduEEC8:about Jack$ cpplint *\
Ignoring Makefile.about; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing Makefile.about\
about-dsc.c:37:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
about-dsc.c:66:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
about-dsc.c:72:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
about-dsc.c:35:  Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/about/about-dsc.c should include its header file Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/about/about-dsc.h  [build/include] [5]\
Done processing about-dsc.c\
about-dsc.h:34:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_ABOUT_ABOUT_DSC_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
about-dsc.h:41:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_ABOUT_ABOUT_DSC_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
Done processing about-dsc.h\
about.c:37:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
about.c:53:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:55:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
about.c:64:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
about.c:67:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
about.c:72:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
about.c:73:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:74:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
about.c:78:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:80:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:81:  Almost always, snprintf is better than strcpy  [runtime/printf] [4]\
about.c:83:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:84:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:93:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:101:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:106:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
about.c:109:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:111:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:114:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:115:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:116:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
about.c:117:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
about.c:119:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:120:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
about.c:121:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
about.c:122:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
about.c:129:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
Done processing about.c\
Ignoring output.txt; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing output.txt\
Total errors found: 33}