{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 eduEEC8:email Jack$ cpplint *\
Ignoring Makefile.email; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing Makefile.email\
email-dsc.c:37:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email-dsc.c:66:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email-dsc.c:72:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email-dsc.c:35:  Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/email-dsc.c should include its header file Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/email-dsc.h  [build/include] [5]\
Done processing email-dsc.c\
email-dsc.h:34:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_EMAIL_DSC_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
email-dsc.h:41:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_EMAIL_DSC_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
Done processing email-dsc.h\
email.c:36:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
email.c:38:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
email.c:44:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: email.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
email.c:102:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:103:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:170:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:173:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:180:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:183:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:188:  Empty loop bodies should use \{\} or continue  [whitespace/empty_loop_body] [5]\
email.c:188:  Missing space before ( in for(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:190:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:193:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:194:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:207:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:210:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:214:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:217:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:220:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:226:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:228:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:232:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:242:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:246:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:258:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:260:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:261:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:263:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:264:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:268:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:270:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:271:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:273:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:275:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:278:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:285:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:292:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:296:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:297:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
email.c:299:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:300:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:301:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:302:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:304:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:305:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:306:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:307:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:308:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:310:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:311:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:311:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:312:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:313:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:314:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:315:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:316:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:318:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:319:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:320:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:321:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:323:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:324:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:325:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:326:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:327:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:327:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:328:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:329:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:329:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:330:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:331:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:334:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:335:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:336:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:337:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:338:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:339:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:340:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:341:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:342:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
email.c:342:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:345:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:351:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:354:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
email.c:355:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
email.c:362:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
email.c:364:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
email.c:36:  Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/email.c should include its header file Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/email.h  [build/include] [5]\
Done processing email.c\
email.h:34:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_EMAIL_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
email.h:39:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_EMAIL_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
Done processing email.h\
smtp-socket.c:34:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:36:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:37:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:39:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: smtp-socket.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:42:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
smtp-socket.c:44:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:48:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:75:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
smtp-socket.c:79:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:83:  Weird number of spaces at line-start.  Are you using a 2-space indent?  [whitespace/indent] [3]\
smtp-socket.c:83:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:84:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:89:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:95:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:96:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:100:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:107:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:108:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:119:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:120:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:125:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:126:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:132:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:133:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:139:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:141:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:143:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:144:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:153:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:154:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:159:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:163:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:168:  Missing space before ( in for(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:172:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:176:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:189:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:190:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:194:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:204:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:211:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
smtp-socket.c:212:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:216:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
smtp-socket.c:229:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-socket.c:235:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
Done processing smtp-socket.c\
Ignoring smtp-strings; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing smtp-strings\
smtp-strings.c:34:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:37:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:40:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:43:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:46:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:49:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:52:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:55:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:58:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:61:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:64:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:67:  Line ends in whitespace.  Consider deleting these extra spaces.  [whitespace/end_of_line] [4]\
smtp-strings.c:None:  Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/smtp-strings.c should include its header file Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/email/smtp-strings.h  [build/include] [5]\
Done processing smtp-strings.c\
smtp-strings.h:0:  No #ifndef header guard found, suggested CPP variable is: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_SMTP_STRINGS_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
Done processing smtp-strings.h\
smtp.h:33:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_SMTP_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
smtp.h:63:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_EMAIL_SMTP_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
smtp.h:36:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
smtp.h:46:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
smtp.h:47:  Tab found; better to use spaces  [whitespace/tab] [1]\
Done processing smtp.h\
Total errors found: 159}