{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 eduEEC8:ping6 Jack$ cpplint *\
Ignoring Makefile.ping6; not a valid file name (c, cc, h, hpp, c++, h++, cu, cpp, hxx, cxx, cuh)\
Done processing Makefile.ping6\
ping6.c:30:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
ping6.c:31:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
ping6.c:32:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
ping6.c:34:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
ping6.c:36:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: ping6.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
ping6.c:37:  Found C system header after other header. Should be: ping6.h, c system, c++ system, other.  [build/include_order] [4]\
ping6.c:43:  "stdio.h" already included at ping6.c:37  [build/include] [4]\
ping6.c:44:  Potential format string bug. Do PRINTF("%s", ...) instead.  [runtime/printf] [4]\
ping6.c:45:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
ping6.c:45:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<uint8_t *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
ping6.c:46:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
ping6.c:46:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:48:  Potential format string bug. Do PRINTF("%s", ...) instead.  [runtime/printf] [4]\
ping6.c:56:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
ping6.c:71:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
ping6.c:72:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
ping6.c:72:  Missing space before \{  [whitespace/braces] [5]\
ping6.c:80:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:81:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:84:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<void *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
ping6.c:94:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
ping6.c:94:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:94:  Missing space before \{  [whitespace/braces] [5]\
ping6.c:99:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
ping6.c:100:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:101:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:101:  Missing space before \{  [whitespace/braces] [5]\
ping6.c:102:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
ping6.c:103:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:104:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:110:  Redundant blank line at the end of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [3]\
ping6.c:113:  Missing space before ( in if(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
ping6.c:113:  Missing space after ,  [whitespace/comma] [3]\
ping6.c:113:  Missing space before \{  [whitespace/braces] [5]\
ping6.c:114:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
ping6.c:126:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<uint8_t *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
ping6.c:128:  Using C-style cast.  Use reinterpret_cast<uint8_t *>(...) instead  [readability/casting] [4]\
ping6.c:132:  Lines should be <= 80 characters long  [whitespace/line_length] [2]\
ping6.c:158:  \{ should almost always be at the end of the previous line  [whitespace/braces] [4]\
ping6.c:159:  Redundant blank line at the start of a code block should be deleted.  [whitespace/blank_line] [2]\
ping6.c:168:  Missing space before ( in while(  [whitespace/parens] [5]\
ping6.c:30:  Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/ping6/ping6.c should include its header file Documents/Computer_Science/Contiki/contiki-3.0/apps/ping6/ping6.h  [build/include] [5]\
Done processing ping6.c\
ping6.h:0:  No copyright message found.  You should have a line: "Copyright [year] <Copyright Owner>"  [legal/copyright] [5]\
ping6.h:1:  #ifndef header guard has wrong style, please use: DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_PING6_PING6_H_  [build/header_guard] [5]\
ping6.h:8:  #endif line should be "#endif  // DOCUMENTS_COMPUTER_SCIENCE_CONTIKI_CONTIKI_3_0_APPS_PING6_PING6_H_"  [build/header_guard] [5]\
ping6.h:4:  Include the directory when naming .h files  [build/include_subdir] [4]\
Done processing ping6.h\
Total errors found: 46}